# Project proposal

Describe your proposed project. Your should include the following information and anything else you deem relevant:

### Introduction == Behrooz

**Where you introduce the task/problem you will work on. This answers the question: `What is the nature of the task?` (e.g., sentiment analysis, machine translation, language generation, style transfer, etc.?). Please explain `what the task entails` (e.g., taking in as input a sequence of text from a source language and turning it into a sequence of sufficiently equivalent meaning in target language).**

-   We will work on a model that can recognize keywords in any language, even with very few examples of each keyword.
-   To do this, we will use a few-shot learning approach, which means that the model is trained on a small number of examples (or shots) of each keyword, rather than a large dataset.
-   The input to the model is an audio clip of someone speaking, which is first converted into a spectrogram (a visual representation of sound that shows how the frequencies of the sound change over time), using MFCCs.
-   The model itself is a convolutional neural network (CNN) but we might try Transformer model for this task as well.
-   The model produces embeddings, and compares them to the few examples of each keyword in the training set to make a prediction (keyword).

### *Data:* == Behrooz

**What kind of `data` will you be using? `Describe the corpus`: genre, size, language, style, etc. Do you have the data? Will you acquire the data? How? Where will you `store` your data?**

-   Our dataset is Multilingual Spoken Words Corpus (MSWC). It is a large and growing audio dataset of spoken words in 50 languages (licensed under CC-BY 4.0).
-   The dataset contains more than 34,0000 keywords, totaling 23.4 million 1-second spoken examples (over 6000 hours).
-   This dataset is generated by applying forced alignment on crowd-sourced sentence-level audio to produce per-word timing estimates for extraction.
-   The entire dataset is available for download (124 GB).
-   We will use some part of this dataset for our project and will store it in a Google Drive folder.

### *Engineering:* == Jae

-   What `computing infrastructure` will you use? Personal computers? Google Colab? Google Cloud TPUs?
-   What `deep learning of NLP (DL-NLP)` methods will you employ? For example, will you do `text classification with BERT?`, `MT with T5`, `language generation with transformers`, etc.?
-   `Framework` you will use. Note: You *must* use PyTorch. Identify any `existing codebase` you can start off with. Provide links.

### *Previous Works (minimal):* == Bingyang

-   Refer to one or more projects that people have carried out that may be somewhat relevant to your project. This will later be expanded to some form of `literature review`. For the sake of the proposal, this can be very brief. You are encouraged to refer to previous work here as a way to alert you to benefiting from existing projects. Provide links to any such projects.

### *Evaluation:* == Min

**How will you `evaluate` your system? For example, if you are going to do MT, you could evaluate in `BLEU`. For text classification, you can use `accuracy` and `macro F1` score. If your projects involves some interpretability, you could use `visualization` as a vehicle of deriving insights (and possibly some form of `accuracy` as approbriate).**

-   To evaluate the performance of models trained on the Multilingual Spoken Words Corpus extractions, we will use the `top-1 classification accuracy` as the primary metric, which will enable us to determine the percentage of correctly classified utterances and evaluate the model's overall classification performance.

-   In addition to the `top-1 classification accuracy`, we may also consider using the `False Reject Rate (FRR)` as a supplementary metric. FRR measures the proportion of true utterances that are incorrectly rejected by the model. By including this metric, we can further evaluate the model's ability to correctly classify all utterances.

-   As we construct a baseline model using CNN and potentially a Transformer-based model, we might utilize data visualization to compare and visualize the performances. The use of data visualization allows us to better understand the models' strengths and weaknesses.

### *Conclusion (optional):*

**You can have a very brief conclusion just summarizing the goal of the proposal. (2-3 sentences max). The goal of the proposal is to**

The purpose of the proposal is to establish a comprehensive framework for the project, including an introduction, relevant datasets, the specific models we will employ, and our chosen evaluation metric. This framework serves as a roadmap for our project, allowing us to learn from previous research and build upon existing knowledge to create model that incorporates our own unique features.

### Writing:

-   Again, pay attention to writing mechanics and use .md format.
